---
layout:     post
title:      "Understanding the Challenges for working from home"
subtitle:   "理解在家办公的挑战"
date:       2020-04-15 12:00:00
author:     "Gao Jie"
header-img: "img/post-bg.jpg"
catalog: true
tags:
    - Research
    - MyPaper
---


# What contents should I include in the related work part?
- wfh and computing
   - 定义概念
   <br>Working from home (WFH) is also called telecommuting or telework, which describes a process that people work or study at home other than office or any other space, such as, Starbucks and McDonald’s. In this paper, we use WFH referring to those who work at HOME. 
   - statistics
   <br>According to the report released by United States Census Bureau, 13.4 million people worked at least one day at home per week – an increase of over 4 million people (35 percent) in the last decade.
   <br>Home-based workers are growing quickly in computer, engineering and science occupations, which increased 69 percent from 252000 workers in 2000 to 432000 workers in 2010. 
   - history(从历史和发展的角度讲解wfh有未来的原因) 
   <br>with the development of information, how about the wfh?
   <br>[Domestic system](https://www.britannica.com/topic/domestic-system) wfh becomes wff
   <br>[Industrial Revolution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Industrial_Revolution) because there are machines in the factory and city.
   <br>[Digital Revolution](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Digital_Revolution)
   <br>Summer holiday is for harvesting, but now they don't need that.
   <br>Communicate on the internet.  
- wfh under pandemic situation
   人们需要不断待在家里，缺少运动地工作，这将引发健康问题。
   - health problems
   <br>暴饮暴食、社交媒体、网站游戏、时间浪费
   <br>在办公室时间管理的压力来自他人。
   <br>There are differences between this research and previous ones. People have no choice in this period. It is like a large experiment.
   <br>[996-007](https://www.bbc.com/zhongwen/simp/world-52167834)
   <br>[在家工作的坏处](https://www.bbc.com/ukchina/simp/vert-cap-42960465)
   <br>[在家办公可能会遇到的严重干扰](https://www.bbc.com/ukchina/simp/vert-cap-39339710)
   <br>[隔绝社交生活有什么好处](https://www.bbc.com/ukchina/simp/vert-cap-41748645)
   
   - psychology problems
- applications for wfh
   - zoom/ Skype/ WeChat/ slack/ teams
- challenges for wfh
   - work-life balance
   - working efficiency with the lack of face-to-face interaction
   - theories challenges
   - unique challenges from employees
   - unique challenges from employers

# What are my arguments?
- with the rapid development of information technology
- under the very long term pandemic situation


# What questions should I ask?

- Demographics
   - How often do you meet online?
   - How much need ?
   - Work place?
   - How long in quarantine?
   - Province?

   - Age
   - gender
   - job
   - marriage
   - kids
   - personal space
   - city
   - 
   
- Challenges
   - Long term quarantine 
   - No change, then ask "can you tell me what"
   - What are the things cannot do?
   - Try new things, what did they try?

   - definition of wfh. 
   - how long have u worked from home?
   - Anybody disturbed you?(kids, parents, cats)
   - How long do you work every day?
   - which remote working app do u use

# Questions I have asked
- **First round**
1. What is your age ？
2. What is your gender?
3. What is your job?
4. Where do you live this period? Please be specific as much as possible.
5. Was your city（county/village） restricted? Please describe the policy.
6. Are you working in this city?
7. How long has this situation been going on?
8. What are you doing differently in your life recently? e.g. work, study, eating, going out
9. Are you doing new things recently?
10. How do you feel about the overwhelming news on the internet?
11. How do you feel and what do you want to do in quarantine?
12. What do you feel after quarantine?
- **Second round**
1.	Where do you live now?
2.	How has your lifestyle changed since the outbreak? Is there anything new around you? (E.g. more takeaway meals)

# What findings do I have now?
- Interview Purpose & Findings:  How does people’s life habits change during the period of outbreak?
   -	Go out less or don’t go out at all ( activities got cancelled )
   -	Store more food than before;
   -	Have to wear masks / buy more food when going out;
   -	Wear nightgowns every day;
   -	Cook and wash dishes more often while ordering food online less;
   -	Lack of self-control ( sleep more, get up and go to bed late, study less)
   -	Pay more attention on the life hobbies ( play the piano, grow up flowers, cook cakes, look for new games, paint)
   -	Some people go to bed early because of parents’ sleeping time;
   -	Work from home / study or teach at home (video call friends to discuss work);
   -	Play more computer and mobile games/ play TikTok all the time;
   -	Wash hair or take a bath less;
   -	Take less exercise;
   -	Eat less;

- Mental state of interviewees: How do they feel? What opinions do they have?
   -	Anxious ( lose income or waste rent, cannot afford the house and the car loans, worry about the progress of paper or homework)
   -	Lonely ( lack of face-to-face communication with friends and lovers, really want to see their friends, know less about the environment)
   -	Feel sad and hopeless when hearing the news from TV or internet (lack of medical supplies such as masks and protective clothing, death of front-line doctors, horrible rumours, concealment at the beginning of outbreak by Wuhan government)
   -	Become cool now.

- Opinions from interviewees: What do they think of this outbreak and future?
   -	Believe in the government and think that they can prevent the outbreak very quickly;
   -	Don’t like work from home (low efficiency, 996 becomes 007, can’t separate the life from work, can’t discuss with friends or classmates freely, there is no working atmosphere at home);
   -	Believe that the online education and live platform will be promising in the future.

- Wishes from interviewees: What do they want to do after the outbreak?
   -	Want to meet friends (eat hotpot, go shopping)
   -	Want to work and go to school normally;
   -	Feel happy with family members;
   -	Like to stay at home forever (don’t want to go to work)
   -	Release for survive.
